Erik Bülows blog post (#123)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2021-02-09-coder/index.Rmd

Or what about hypertension according to [Pratt's version](https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/8/4/e021122) of the Rx Risk V classification based on ATC codes: `C0(2(A(B[0-9]{2}|C0[0-5])|DB(0[2-9]|[1-9][0-9]))|3((A[A-Z][0-9]{2}|BA(0[0-9]|1[01]))|DB(01|99)|C([AB][0-9]{2}|C0[01])|EA01)|9(BA0[2-9]|DA0[2-8]|C[A-X][0-9]{2}))`? 
Fortunately, there are several functions in the coder package to aid such interpretation: 

- `visualize()` will open the default web browser to show a structural diagram based on the [JavaScript Regular Expression Visualizer](https://jex.im/regulex). 
- `summary()` relies on the [decoder](https://cran.r-project.org/package=decoder) package to decode the meaning of a regular expression in the content of a specified code version. For example the ICD-10 specification of a dislocation after total hip arthroplasty (`^(M24(3|4F?)|S730|T933)$`) would expand to 5 individual codes according to ICD-10-SE: M243, M244, M244F, S730, T933. None of those would be recognized by ICD-10-CM, however. A longer list of 146 codes (M2430, M24311, M24312, M24319, M24321, ...) would be recognized for `^(M24(3|4F?)|S730|T933)` (without the `$` suffix).

> - `codebook()` takes this a step further. It not only list the relevant codes but also translate them into plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `codebook()` takes this a step further. It not only lists the relevant codes but also translates them into plain text.
```

Author: Perfect, thank you :-)
